maybe everybody josh feathers corporate
chef here blackberry farm it's fall
going into winter one of the things that
we like to make here we like to harvest
the bounty on the mountains around this
so today we're gonna make that
understood first thing we want to do
we've got our cubes venison i've season
this with salt and i've placed it on a
towel in the refrigerator for about four
hours just to absorb some of the blood
and the water off the meat you can see a
little bit of it right there okay this
is going to help us get a nice
caramelization on the meat when we sear
it in the pan
all right we're gonna start with a
little bit of bacon fat you'll get an
extremely hot pan here
I've turned my flame off underneath
that way the pan main changes
if you don't do this then you'll end up
with what you'll get a nice
caramelization on the meat in the
beginning and then it will kind of cook
the bubble do as your family
all right we've got our venison brown
alright we can see we've got a nice
following in the bottom of the pan all
these brown crispy bits so what we're
gonna do we're gonna add our root
vegetables and get different things
we've got turnips parsnips rutabagas we
had some leeks some pearl onions some
garlic
we're gonna put all this in here and off
the water from all the vegetables
they're gonna pull up all those brown
pieces
off the bottom of the pan
all right so we've been sweating or
vegetable as you can see they've started
the water started to release from the
vegetables and started to deglaze the
pan here all right
now we're gonna build in some additional
depth of flavor we're gonna add just
about a tablespoon and a half maybe two
tablespoons of tomato paste this is
going to add a nice depth of flavor to
the stewed we're gonna cook this for
just a minute just to get the tomato
paste to brown a little bit
a little pinch of salt in there
the first crack pepper
as you can tell our tomato paste is
caramelized here on the bottom of the
pan all right which means it's time just
the red one we're gonna put about a cup
of red wine in here something preferably
that you're gonna match to to serve with
the dish so if you're using a Syrah or a
merlot for a cab you kind of have
something that's complementary we're
gonna let the alcohol cook out of this
for just a minute in the meantime I have
a small little sachet here that I've got
rosemary bay leaf and sage Jeff sometime
you can use some thyme parsley can go
well in here and I'm just going to tie
this up in a little bundle
so that we can retrieve it out later all
right you can tell the wine has started
to reduce it's starting to get a little
look a little thick and viscous okay so
we're gonna add back in our vessel
so that Astor kind of get everything
incorporated there
everything's cooking you're gonna add
about 1/2 cup of pureed carrot this is a
chariot that we cooked with a little bit
of butter just simply with butter and
water and fury and finally we're gonna
add in about 4 cups of innocence now
this is a stock that we've made from the
bones during the butchering process
obviously if you don't have been us you
can use something that again complements
the week that you're using chicken stock
works nice it's a nice neutral item
vegetable stock can work beef stock can
work put a lid on this we'll cover it
and let it simmer for about an hour and
a half
subin's cooking for about an hour so you
can say we've been cooking really good
for about an hour the vegetables will
starting to soften up meat starting to
become tender so next we're gonna add in
about 1/2 cup of Pharaoh Pharaoh kind of
plays in one cooking game and try to
think of you know items that the game
may have been feeding or maybe part of
its diet so a little bit of Pharaoh and
there kind of had some nuttiness to the
Stute and then last I'm going to put
just a little bit of red cabbage in
there we're gonna cover this and let
these two things incorporate into the
stew for about another 30 minutes
all right all right so we've been
cooking for about an hour and a half to
two hours
you tell the aroma that's cooked down
nicely meat is tender
the last thing that I'm gonna add I've
got a little bit of sea salt here that
way
we've scented with hemlock and with
rosemary
there you have hunter stood
you